# Agenda for DF Circles Documentation Work Group Meeting

**Date:** Tuesday, 11th March 2025  
**Time:** 1:00 PM UTC  
**Present:** MayorDeFi, Tobias, Miss Hadi, Sucre, Love, Vani, Anthony, Duke

1. **Welcome and Recap (5 minutes)**  
   Brief welcome and summary of key points from the 4th March meeting.

2. **MK Docs Walkthrough Update (5 minutes)**  
   Go over the new DF-Book MkDocs instance at [https://df-circles.github.io/df-book/](https://df-circles.github.io/df-book/) which is a combination of data from the existing DF-Book and an existing resource provided by Jan ([https://singularitynet.atlassian.net/wiki/external/ZDUzM2Y5OTNiZGEyNGM5ZDgwYzE4Y2JhNGM4ZjIyYjY](https://singularitynet.atlassian.net/wiki/external/ZDUzM2Y5OTNiZGEyNGM5ZDgwYzE4Y2JhNGM4ZjIyYjY)).  
   Improve the Structure of the website.  
   We have to present something at the end of the month (All Hands).  
   Confirm that the MK Docs Updating Process Walkthrough Video remains postponed to a future meeting. For now, we will go over it at the meeting. (A video walkthrough and step by step guide)

3. **Proofreading & Template Development (10 minutes)**  
   Update from Sucre and Vani:  
   - Status on proofreading GitBook content  
   - Initial ideas for a template to capture the key info for each Circle (Landing Page) (Love, Anthony)  
   - Open discussion on any feedback or adjustments needed on the new DF-Book MkDocs instance.

4. **Scoping Document Review & Task Assignment (15 minutes) (To be Discussed)**  
   Revisit our scoping document to decide:  
   - Who is doing what  
   - The order of tasks to be tackled  
   - Prioritization of areas (Circles documentation vs. Backend systems documentation)  
   Discuss action items:  
   - Assign responsibilities and set deadlines

5. **Process Documentation for System Updates (15 minutes) (To be Discussed)**  
   Discuss and outline process documentation for:  
   - Community Portal: Who updates it? Where does it go? Format (text, video, both)? What is private?  
   - Main Website: Similar questions as above.  
   - Proposal Submission Tool: Identify owners and preferred documentation formats.  
   - Operations System Backend: What exists already? Identify any gaps.  
   Task: Sucre will check with Mayor on existing documentation details and formats.

6. **Documentation Rota for Meeting Notes (5 minutes) (To be Discussed)**  
   Confirm Tobias's plan for a documentation rota for meeting notes (Todayâ€™s meeting also).  
   Decide on the rota details and communication channels.

7. **Next All-Hands Preparation (5 minutes) (To be Discussed)**  
   Anthony to provide an update at the next All-Hands on:  
   - Document headers  
   - Clear guidelines on who has access

8. **Open Discussion & Q&A (5 minutes)**  
   Address any additional questions, comments, or concerns from the group.

9. **Wrap-Up and Next Steps (5 minutes)**  
   Recap action items and assign follow-ups.  
   Confirm next meeting details and any deadlines.