---
title: "18th Nov 2025 agenda"
last_updated: "2026-01-29T08:02:23.941Z"
source_doc: "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l5-1xQtHEozG9N6FpkFO4A6oixgQ6ZUo8Jx0FXYtqro/edit#heading=h.t.xzf95jwgqc3n"
sync_timestamp: "Thu Jan 29 2026 09:02:23 GMT+0100 (West Africa Time)"
---

 **Date:** Tuesday 18th No, 2025 **Time:** 1PM UTC **Host:** Anthony**Present:**

### 1. organisational changes?

### meeting time - 10am UTC

### timeline and what we are doing, do we need to move faster

### reassess the scope of work and the plan - what are we doing exactlyWrite up what we are doing, the plan and dates, in a tab in here - Van will start it, all chip in

### facilitation Sucre aqnd Athony will take turns facilitating. Anthony to do the agenda and share it the day before (Monday) so people can add stuff. 

### being a bit more proactive when questions are asked about documentation Anthony to check and respond more

Monthly Reports - Anthony will share them in good time

### "handover notes" (an initiative we've been talking about in Onboarding, and would like to make into a collab) - yup. Onboarding to manage collection of info - Documentation can have (light) oversight and ensure it gets into MK Docs)

### Welcome and Recap (5 mins)

Brief recap of the **last**meeting outcomes.

Review open action points:

Representation and next steps for the Marketing & Events educational initiative. - Anthony to ping them for updates

Progress on MkDocs Requirements Doc and liaison updates.

### 2. DEEP Academy Initiative ? Collaboration Opportunity (20 mins)

**Background (from Vani?s discussion with Kwasi):**

**DEEP Academy** aims to engage **university students** to propose ideas through **education and training** on blockchain, decentralised AI, and Deep Funding.

Learning materials will include **videos, slides, transcripts, and supporting text resources**, followed by **live expert sessions** after each module.

The **Documentation Circle** can support by:

Ensuring accuracy and consistency of information. - not our job - maybe proofreaders

Helping structure and format learning materials - not our job

Collaborating with **Onboarding** and **Proofreading** Circles.

OUR ROLE: Determine where the material will live, and what the updating schedule will be - same as we would do for any new piece of material. Maybe, look at syllabus and identify which elements are perpetual, and which are likely to need updating

**Discussion Points:**

Define how the Documentation Circle can best support the initiative.

Establish touchpoints with Kwasi for review and feedback loops.

Plan for alignment with SSOT and Documentation Standards.

**ACTION:** Vani to ping Kwasi and ask for update

### 3. Educational Content Repository (Marketing & Events Collaboration) (15 mins)

Review outcomes from the call with **Jan and Rafael DN**.

Discuss how the DEEP Academy initiative overlaps or connects with the **educational repository** project.

Consider a unified structure or index for both initiatives.

**ACTION:** 

Anthony to ping them for updatesAnthony to draft outline or integration plan between both initiatives.

### 4. MkDocs Automation Requirements ? Progress Review (10 mins)

Status update on requirements doc and testing progress.

Discuss possible pilot with liaison documents.

Integration potential with DEEP Academy or educational repository content.Presentation by Anthony on Friday 10 AM, 24, 2025

**ACTION:** 

Anthony is working on video

need to share it with the Circles 

need to add the documentation/content that has been collected from the Circles

vani needs to finalise the overall structure - each Circle has own tab in a master doc - then we need to add the material we have collected from the Circles into it

we also haven?t fiunished collating all the info we need from the circles - see ?circle liaison docs? below

### 5. Circle Liaison Docs ? Review & Coordination (10 mins)

Check completion and updates on Circle-specific Google Docs.

Address support needs for Circles still setting up.

Discuss feedback or early results from liaison activities.

**ACTION**

All docs need to go here  At the moment there?s only 4

Needs to be based on 

Needs discussing with Rafael tho, because some of this has more of a focus on current, updatable info than ?permanent? unchanging stuff. If they ARE  updating their own stuff then current info it good! We are arguing for more current and changing info. Anthony to discuss wiuth Rafael

### 6. Proofreading Initiative ? Update (5 mins)

Progress update from Vani and proofreading team.

Connection with DEEP Academy materials and Marketing content.

Potential connections with DFr5 implementation 

### 

### 7.. Any Other Business (AOB) (5 mins)

Budget adjustments (if needed for new collaborations). - Anthony and Sucre will discuss in next co-ordinators meeting with Jan and Rafael

Confirm next meeting date (Tuesday, Dec 2nd 2025 at 10am).

