---
title: "25th Feb Agenda"
last_updated: "2026-01-29T08:02:06.006Z"
source_doc: "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l5-1xQtHEozG9N6FpkFO4A6oixgQ6ZUo8Jx0FXYtqro/edit#heading=h.t.dblv3sbayqeh"
sync_timestamp: "Thu Jan 29 2026 09:02:06 GMT+0100 (West Africa Time)"
---

### Agenda for DF Circles Documentation Work Group Meeting

**Date:** February 25th, 2025**Time:** 1PM UTC

**Welcome and Quick Recap (5 minutes)**

Brief welcome and overview of today's focus areas.

Recap of key points from our previous meetings.

**Data and Quality Auditing Update (10 minutes)**

Update on data quality audits and process improvements. Documentation Maintenance: Should be handled by a member/members of the Work Group and audited by the Circle members themselves.( Sucre & Vani)

Assign responsibility for auditing tasks if not already done.

**Google Docs Data Privacy (10 minutes)**

Discuss updates and any concerns regarding data privacy in Google Docs.

Concerning Document ownership, the WG needs an email to record and store documents in the Drive, then give out ownership to members.

Identify any action items to enhance privacy and data ownership measures.

Content Drive Ownership- (To be announced in an All Hands meeting) We should advise all circles when they create a document of any kind to add a header which says ?who created it and what date, for which circle and which google account owns it?

**MkDocs Instances Update (15 minutes)**

**Update from Anthony:**

Status of the MkDocs instances.

Progress on data transfer for the Review Circle.

Q&A on technical aspects and troubleshooting.

**Mapping Data to MkDocs (15 minutes)** **(Adjourned to next meeting)**

**Data Transfer Improvements:**

Discuss methods to improve data transfer from Google Docs to MkDocs.

**Content Mapping:**

Identify which sections of the MkDocs instances should receive specific types of data.

Brainstorm any adjustments needed for better organization.

**Open Discussion & Next Steps (5 minutes)**

Address any final questions or suggestions.

Confirm next actions and assign follow-up tasks.

Confirm next meeting details.

We need someone to represent us at ?Town Halls? and general DF meetings.1. Anthony- DF Book MK Docs equivalent

2. Meeting notes will be handled by Vani- with the recording.

