---
title: "29th April Agenda"
last_updated: "2026-02-01T18:30:24.391Z"
source_doc: "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l5-1xQtHEozG9N6FpkFO4A6oixgQ6ZUo8Jx0FXYtqro/edit#heading=h.t.bqadzupo2pp5"
sync_timestamp: "Sun Feb 01 2026 19:30:24 GMT+0100 (West Africa Time)"
---

!!! note "Page Information"
    - **Source Document**: [Google Doc Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l5-1xQtHEozG9N6FpkFO4A6oixgQ6ZUo8Jx0FXYtqro/edit#heading=h.t.bqadzupo2pp5)
    - **Last Updated**: 2026-02-01T18:30:24.391Z
    - **Sync Timestamp**: Sun Feb 01 2026 19:30:24 GMT+0100 (West Africa Time)

**Agenda for DF Documentation Circle Meeting**

**Date:** Tuesday, April 29, 2025 **Time:** 1:00 PM UTC **Present:** 

### 1. Welcome and Recap (5 minutes)

Brief welcome and summary of key points from the March 18 meeting.

The Circle was not informed about the H2 2024 Half-Yearly Report, we may need to prepare one by the middle of the year.

### 2. DF Book MkDocs Updates (10 minutes)

Review the current status of the DF Book MkDocs: [https://df-circles.github.io/df-book/](https://df-circles.github.io/df-book/)

Discuss any recent updates or changes.

Identify and assign tasks for updating outdated content and adding missing sections.

### 3. QA Chatbot Integration (15 minutes)

Update on collaboration with Edwin regarding file structure for ingestion into the QA chatbot.

Discuss progress and any challenges faced.

Plan next steps for aligning documentation with chatbot requirements.

Possible next steps 

defining whether **we** update MK Docs on behalf of other Circles, or whether they do it (training needed). For now, it should be us - we still need better understanding of the scope of the work

how often should it be updated? - Once a month for now and see how it goes?

How often should updated data be pulled into the LLM? Is this for the chatbot builders to decide?

What is our process for updating MK Docs? We need to define what info we need to update, and tell all the Circles - and then we need somewhere for them to send new info. A spreadsheet? Vani to draft it

We need a Circle email address, so that we can see and track updates made to the spreadsheet

We need to contact Edwin to create a Circle email address **ACTION**: Vani to contact him

### 4. Documentation Resources Progress (10 minutes)

Assess the pace of work on documentation resources.

Identify any bottlenecks or areas needing additional support.

Set goals for the upcoming period to ensure steady progress.

### 5. Feedback from Tobias (5 minutes)

Awaiting feedback from Tobias on the task assigned to him.

Discuss any input received and implications for ongoing work.

### 6. Action Items and Task Assignments (10 minutes)

Review action items from the previous meeting.

Assign new tasks based on today's discussions.

Confirm responsibilities and set deadlines.

### 7. Open Discussion & Q&A (5 minutes)

Address any additional questions, comments, or concerns from the group.

### 8. Wrap-Up and Next Steps (5 minutes)

Recap action items and assign follow-ups.

Confirm next meeting details and any deadlines.

**Action Items:**

As a Circle, are we on the main website? We need to be. Ayo is the contact person for this.

Vani to contact Edwin to create a Circle email address

Vani to draft spreadsheet of what info we need Circles to maintain/keep updated about themselves on MK Docs

**Next Meeting:**

**Date:**

**Time:** 1PM UTC

**Location:** 

