---
title: "4th March Agenda"
last_updated: "2026-02-01T18:36:07.414Z"
source_doc: "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l5-1xQtHEozG9N6FpkFO4A6oixgQ6ZUo8Jx0FXYtqro/edit#heading=h.t.h1qvxf5mwilx"
sync_timestamp: "Sun Feb 01 2026 19:36:07 GMT+0100 (West Africa Time)"
---

No agenda prepped, so we worked from the previous agenda.

MK Docs Walkthru - we assume it is postponed to the next meeting on the 11th. This is a priority, so that the rest of the WG can start working with it.

We discussed idea of fortnightly meetings, because meetings feel a bit repetitive atm - decided no

We agreed Sucre and Vani will make a start on proofreading some of the GitBook content and looking at maybe some kind of template for what info we need about each Circle.

We need to look back at the scoping doc above, and decide who is going to be doing what, what order we will do things in, etc. There?s a lot of work to do so we need a plan

Should we have a documentation rota for our meeting notes? Yes. Tobias to make one

Miss Hadi will document this meeting

Anthony to bring up stuff at next All-Hands - document headers, and being clear about who has access.

We need to start doing process documentation for:

**How to update the Community Portal** - who has this? Where should it go? What format - Text, video, both? What is private?

**How to update the main Website** - who has this? Where should it go? What format - Text, video, both? What is private?

**How to update the Proposal Submission Tool** - who has this? Where should it go? What format - Text, video, both? What is private?

**Operations System backend documentation** - Operations are already doing it?? What have they got, and are there any gaps?

Sucre to ask Mayor if he can confirm how much of this already exists and in what format it is. When we know what there is, we can start filling any gaps/improving it

