---
title: "7th October Agenda"
last_updated: "2026-02-01T18:30:30.866Z"
source_doc: "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l5-1xQtHEozG9N6FpkFO4A6oixgQ6ZUo8Jx0FXYtqro/edit#heading=h.t.8fewtqq5nv5m"
sync_timestamp: "Sun Feb 01 2026 19:30:30 GMT+0100 (West Africa Time)"
---

!!! note "Page Information"
    - **Source Document**: [Google Doc Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l5-1xQtHEozG9N6FpkFO4A6oixgQ6ZUo8Jx0FXYtqro/edit#heading=h.t.8fewtqq5nv5m)
    - **Last Updated**: 2026-02-01T18:30:30.866Z
    - **Sync Timestamp**: Sun Feb 01 2026 19:30:30 GMT+0100 (West Africa Time)

### TRACKER: 

? **Documentation Circle ? Bi-Weekly Meeting Agenda** **Date:** Tuesday, October 7th, 2025 **Time:** 1PM UTC **Host:** Anthony

### 1. Welcome and Recap (5 mins)

Quick review of **September 16th** meeting outcomes.

Follow up on pending actions:

Budget projection decisions.

Progress on liaison Google Docs. How do we track their updates and everything new they have to add to their landing. The circles / resource will be enabled with training materials so they can update their resources themselves.

MkDocs automation requirements draft.

### 2. Marketing & Events Collaboration: Educational Content Initiative (20 mins)

**Objective:** Discuss Documentation Circle?s potential role in the new cross-circle educational initiative led by Marketing and Events.

**Background Summary:**

Jan and Rafael have proposed an **educational and informational series** (?All Things DEEP?) to build understanding around Deep Funding initiatives.

The concept includes a **content rhythm** (e.g., weekly videos, blogs, and AMAs) that will be **stored in a searchable, growing knowledge repository**?potentially becoming a ?Wikipedia for Deep Funding.?1. Who is the audience?2. Who is the audience of the searchable growing knowledge repository, PROPOSERS, REVIEWERS.3. Will there be an update schedule?, will it be updateable content or it?s a fixed set of content, this will affect how they are stored. YES, INTERNAL DECISION ON SCHEDULE

4. Or - is it a Wiki? so, collaborative, ongoing updates? (very different approach from a top-down SSOT - it?s a sort of collaborative SSOT) YES

5. What formats will material be in? 

6. What is time frame, is it a 3 months initiative CONTINUOUS7. see, if Jan is talking about a Wiki, is that what he means? i.e. ongoing, collaborative updating?

cos this is one of the things about SSOT - it's a really different ethos from the Wiki ethos and more decentralized	8.  Anthony & Princess will attend the meeting.

9. Budget implications	

10. We need to know the whole scope.

Documentation Circle is invited to support **content organization, indexing, and standardization** for this repository.

**Discussion Points:**

How the Documentation Circle can contribute (structure, metadata, repository setup, long-term maintenance).

Potential integration with the **MkDocs automation** and SSOT framework.

Decide on who will represent the Circle at Thursday?s 13:00 UTC call with Jan and Rafael DN.

**ACTION:** Assign representative(s) and define first contribution steps.

### 3. MkDocs Automation Requirements ? Refinement & Next Steps (10 mins)

Review progress on the **Requirements Doc** and feedback from Circles.

Update on walkthrough guide progress (Anthony).

Integration ideas from the new educational repository initiative.

**ACTION:** Finalize deliverables timeline for 10th October.

### 

### 

### 4. Circle Liaison Docs ? Update & Coordination (10 mins)

Progress check on creation and population of Circle-specific Google Docs.

Identify any Circles needing additional support or follow-up.

Plan sync between liaisons and the new educational initiative for documentation alignment.

Tobias - Review Circle - ongoingVani - DF Book - ongoingSophia - Operations & Onboarding - ongoingLove - IT & Data Analytics - ongoingPrincess - Events & Marketing - ongoingAnthony - Dev Outreach & Biz Dev - ongoing

All to add docs to folder on shared drive [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/15t2lHypIPEBZmJ6pM3yA1NPvvzO4C-zR?usp=drive_link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/15t2lHypIPEBZmJ6pM3yA1NPvvzO4C-zR?usp=drive_link)

LAST UPDATED  dates are neededShould it be our role to identify what elements are likely to need updating, and agree a schedule with the Circle?

### 5. Budget Projection & Resource Planning (10 mins)

Revisit 6-month budget projection (Sophia).

Any adjustments following new cross-circle collaboration needs.

Resource allocation for automation work.Budget not yet submitted?We need to know the whole scope before we can see the % increase in the budget, also the timeline of the initiate the budget.

### 6. Proofreading Initiative ? Status Update (5 mins)

Channel creation and stakeholder coordination update (Vani).

Pending approval workflows and testing phase.

### 7. Any Other Business (AOB) (10 mins)

Discussion on **6-month bonus share** and recognition planning.

Open floor for updates, announcements, or issues.

Confirm next meeting date (October 21st, 2025).

