---
title: "8th July Agenda"
last_updated: "2026-01-29T08:02:14.928Z"
source_doc: "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l5-1xQtHEozG9N6FpkFO4A6oixgQ6ZUo8Jx0FXYtqro/edit#heading=h.t.pzqsrefyz91s"
sync_timestamp: "Thu Jan 29 2026 09:02:14 GMT+0100 (West Africa Time)"
---

Our Agenda for today will be a recap of last week's meeting and the action points.

1. Ideate on our very own requirements documents to get the MkDocs Automation to work for us first.

As yet we don?t know how to process images. Consider *not* using images - they are not searchable or indexable, and harder to update

Structure will be based on [Vani?s info hierarchy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h8lxLSgLvbXe70_ZBFj4attYJv9DZ9Z59a6eLtBzwWY/edit?usp=sharing)

We will need to check content with the individual Circles

ACTION: Anthony to create a walkthru video of the Gooogledoc to MKDocs process

RE [Rafael?s doc on ?single source of trut](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XOLJeDJ62Sg_StE5iSYD0AgDN2Nv7vyNb9eYJnj3jeI/edit?usp=drivesdk )h? - we will comment to suggest 

Question of who agrees/decides content for the SSOT?(decentralised approoach)

Ideally need to cover lifecycle of docs - when do they become obsolete and who decides

maintenance cycles for existing documentation - establishing a schedule for updates, and do we as Documentation circle need to check if it?s done and chase people?

2. Love to help us with the [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IcWENpy-VgUe5kJwZDu8uxdDl-b5tRjkH5A_-cmtX58/edit?usp=sharing) for our internal management.

3. Update from our Documentation circle champion - Princess, working with the Onboarding circle to create our onboarding docs.

4. Discussion about the Proofreading initiative.

